Add data security to Flows (#76)
axiomhq/docs: process-data/introduction.mdx

    Flow is currently in preview, with support for one-time flows.
</Note>

To get started with Flow, see [Flows](/process-data/flows).

## Data security

When you use flows, Axiom takes the following measures to protect sensitive data such as private keys:

- **Encrypted storage**: Credentials are encrypted at rest in the database. Axiom uses strong, industry-standard encryption methods and follows best practices.
- **Per-entry encryption**: Each credential is encrypted individually with its own unique key. This limits the potential impact if any single key is compromised.
- **Secure transit**: Credentials are encrypted in transit between your browser/client and the Axiom API using TLS 1.2 or 1.3.
- **Internal encryption**: Credentials remain encrypted within Axiom’s internal network.

> - **Memory handling**: When credentials are briefly held in memory (for example, when delivering payloads), Axiom relies on AWS Lambda’s security guarantees and proper garbage collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Memory handling**: When credentials are briefly held in memory (for example, when delivering payloads), Axiom relies on cloud infrastructure security guarantees and proper memory management techniques, including garbage collection.
```

I'd probably avoid calling out AWS Lambda specifically. The details of specific services may change.

- **Contextual encryption**: Different uses of the same credentials use different encryption contexts. This adds an extra layer of protection.
- **Role-based access**: Axiom uses role-based access control for key management without keeping any master keys that can decrypt customer data.

> These measures ensure that accessing usable credentials is extremely difficult even in the highly unlikely event of a data breach. The individual encryption of each entry means that even if one is compromised, others remain secure.

Author: ```suggestion
These measures ensure that accessing usable credentials is extremely difficult even in the highly unlikely event of a data breach. The individual encryption of each entry means that even if one is compromised, the others remain secure.
```
